Clarification for calling  fmi3UpdateDiscreteStates (#2081)
modelica/fmi-standard: docs/2_3_common_states.adoc

Any Clock active during <<fmi3UpdateDiscreteStates>> must be deactivated by the FMU itself. +
<<periodic-clock,Periodic Clocks>> must not be active for more than one call of <<fmi3UpdateDiscreteStates>> per <<EventMode>>.
This restriction does not apply to <<triggered,triggered Clocks>>, nor does it apply to <<aperiodic-clock,aperiodic Clocks>>, for which latexmath:[T_{\mathit{interval}} = 0] can be returned by <<fmi3GetInterval>>. +

> _[The event mode may consist of several super-dense time instants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
The event mode may consist of several super-dense time instants.
```

Each super-dense time instant represents a distinct event occurring at the same simulation time.

> If any event related to the continuous time mode (for a ME FMU) resp. step mode (for a CS FMU) is present, its event iteration must be performed during the first super-dense time instant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If any event originating from the continuous time mode (for a ME FMU) resp. step mode (for a CS FMU) is present, its event iteration must be performed during the first super-dense time instant.
```

Each super-dense time instant must conclude with a call to <<fmi3UpdateDiscreteStates>>.
Super-dense time instants that handle <<time-based-clock, time-based Clocks>> are initiated by setting the corresponding Clocks using <<fmi3SetClock>>.
No further constraints are imposed on the activation of <<time-based-clock, time-based Clocks>> (for example, activation during the first instant of a super-dense time, the order of handling multiple clocks, or handling multiple Clocks within the same super-dense time instant).

> If the semantics of certain Clocks require specific handling—such as simultaneous activation within the same super-dense time instant—this must be ensured by the importer.]_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the semantics of certain Clocks require specific handling—such as simultaneous activation within the same super-dense time instant—this must be ensured by the importer.
====
```
